the karlsruher sc presents wildpark
deep
powered by bathing tv
I have in mind what doubts arise
We want to win against Duisburg before
that somehow goes down
We believe I have against Frankfurt
good performance
and above all, this applies
Aggressiveness This compactness of these
team-like closeness as well
to lay on the day
We have done all networks
Duisburg is a compact team
a physically very strong team
with a lot of big players too
especially in the storm they have some
Alternatives a good alternative
I believe the results or that was
that was not so much ago
But Duisburg has quality and has too
if you do not have that many points on it
the account has a lot to offer
also on the fight and over everything has us
demanded
not not necessarily
He also trained properly
Of course the criticism has of course
plug in must also be justified
were a stoop that had
has adopted very concentrated
training week so that
Of course that's an option , too
the others always play with it
of course, expensive brands have always stoll
also the possibility of good performance
to play in the foreground
has, as I said I have a good good
week so that also a lot
speaks for it
but do it
showed yes you can see the one or
Another situation, yes that was
that even more is possible
situation from the gate where he hesitates but that
is the way of development
now that has just said then again
back how to make all the tores what the one
own half has sometimes organized
or many maxi first play this
that's normal that's exactly this
development process that is part of that
you sometimes make mistakes that one
this is better said next time
doing that is exactly this process though
his base that he has shown his
also play his movement were
great and that's good and that's why
he also start again from the beginning
the karlsruher sc presents wildpark
tv powered by baden tv